README.md, before:

###### Master		[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_apis/build/status/Service%20Location%20PR?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_build/latest?definitionId=13?branchName=master) 

###### Develop	[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_apis/build/status/Service%20Location%20PR?branchName=develop)](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_build/latest?definitionId=13?branchName=develop) 



Source:

.NET Framework 4.7.2 for WinForm and tests
download: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/visual-studio-sdks?utm_source=getdotnetsdk&utm_medium=referral

.Net Standard 2.0 for all class libraries
download .Net Core SDK 2.2:  https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/visual-studio-sdks?utm_source=getdotnetsdk&utm_medium=referral

(.Net Standard is a specification, not an implementation.  .Net Core 2.2 is a reference implementation of .Net Standard 2.0, my definition)

This source code has Sonar Lint rules enabled, to see these in Visual Studio, got to Visual Studio, Tools, Extensions and Update, select Online and search for Sonar Lint for Visual Studio 2017

Commit message:

enabled tests to further investigate
3 tests are failing on the build server but work fine on multiple dev boxes/enlistments
restored service-location paragraph in solution readme.md
added tistocks as a recognized word in resharper dictionary

README.md, after:

# service-location 
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_apis/build/status/Service%20Location%20PR?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_build/latest?definitionId=13?branchName=master) 

Very light weight Service Locator pattern designed specifically for encouraging testable code and dependency abstraction.

###### Master		[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_apis/build/status/Service%20Location%20PR?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_build/latest?definitionId=13?branchName=master) 

###### Develop	[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_apis/build/status/Service%20Location%20PR?branchName=develop)](https://dev.azure.com/landorphan/Service-Location/_build/latest?definitionId=13?branchName=develop) 



Source:

This source code has Sonar Lint rules enabled, to see these in Visual Studio, go to Visual Studio, Tools, Extensions and Update, select Online and search for Sonar Lint for Visual Studio 2017
